hello to all churchill we are in a
new gta 5 video today I bring you new
information about robberies and robberies
gta 5 not that update that we
promised rockstar for 1.09 or all
We think it's going to enter 1.09 but it was not
well so we'll have to wait for a
update more than I believe since in
the 1.10 will already be made robberies and banks
of all we hope so it came out new
information about the trades that will have
each one as we already know about
previous information as the groups or
teams will have four components worth
and those four components each may
be you can choose a different trade
ok here I am going to put an information
about the data they have extracted from data
of the game not of game files that
they are already in this update
but that surely for the
next authorization and to this post
It is worth the robberies and robberies
it's in the archives but still not
is installed obviously not because no
we have robbery and robbery still so
how to continue watching there
we get out font string string I think it's
string but that's a language
computer as you see team 1 team 25354
that means a team a team of
equipment other equipment 4 but refers to
which player 142 player 3 player 4 is worth
and now each of them can choose
transportation that transport achieved it
money snipers lockout defenders
attackers hacker demolition that will be me
I think demolition can be like in
a mission that the campaign way that we
we put a suit all 8 like that with a
What this submachine gun
of resale low everything that is put by
in front of
there is also the runner who will be me
be a species then that the guy who stops
not be a runner runner the corridor
I know if it is you and is the one in charge of
pick up people and escape but
there are also for example pilots of the
what is being planes and so on
drivers that are the drivers those who
they will have to escape from the police
finally bodyguards that I do not know
what is really but I think they are
bodyguard is worth but I do not know what
what function will be worth is also
some main that will be the gunmen and
many many things as you are seeing
then all those jobs you look for
between author google translate it but I
I have translated pretty much almost everything
that images have also been filtered
It is worth it since it is already has gotten
the files and he has executed it in his
own console is worth and as you are seeing
there you can choose to attack
attackers hackers demolition runner
and each one will be able to choose each
I do not know if each one will choose his
or that the host will choose
whoever wants to be each one is worth it
that good for example I want that
you are hacker had runner and had another
thing is worth that can be an option or that
each one choose yours do not know very
well so good as you are seeing
there are images that I am going through and in
the last one very important also if
you put drivers and put folk folk
default I do not know what this means
I do not know if it will be random or that it is
saying that nothing that there is one in the
game and you can play with three in the
pc that is cons three players who do not
it's nobody but it 's the machine it's worth like that
that is also information that is not
we knew that you can play only with
three in epc that will surely be painful
and terrible and make you lose the game
but you can still play with three
what are the machines worth and how can you
see you can choose the trade that you
you want so it's new information
that has leaked over
robberies and robberies and robberies although I believe that
it's the same but well I say robberies and
robbery I do not know why robberies robberies
but good so good I hope that you
have liked a like and a favorite
will help a lot and the truth is that
I'm waiting a lot for this update
because it's going to give something new to the game and
something that can be very cool and the
I'm really waiting and I want
enjoy this game mode so
I hope you also put it on
the comments if you want I hope that
have liked a favorite like yesterday is a
bunch to spread the video a greeting
and until next time
goodbye
[Music]
Y
d
[Music]